**Abstract**

Neighborhood reputations are the opinions and assessments ascribed to them by residents and non-residents. Neighborhood reputations can affect residents' social status, housing, schooling choices, moving intentions and well-being, with potential consequences for inequality and residential segregation. This paper examines the relationship between neighborhood reputations and neighborhood demographic composition in Stockholm municipality in Sweden. The primary source of information is posts from Flashback, a Swedish online open forum. Previous research has used interviews and questionnaires to measure neighborhood reputations in a general way but has not focused on specific dimensions of neighborhood reputation. For example, a neighborhood may have a bad reputation because it is associated with crime or poor infrastructure or may have a good reputation because its residents are economically advantaged or because it has many amenities. Social media platforms provide rich text data facilitating cultural research. These text data potentially cover a greater number of neighborhoods and can capture publicly visible reputations rather than privately held views of reputations. I apply latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA), a natural language processing technique, to detect neighborhood reputations from Flashback posts. Then, I analyze the relationship between neighborhood mentions and neighborhood demographics using SCB1 (Statistics Sweden) data with the Poisson model. Finally, I explore the association between topic scores and neighborhood demographics by calculating bivariate associations. I found that neighborhoods with more non-European residents can trigger more online discussions, and these discussions are likely to associate with the crime and immigrant topics. The topic of crime is also prevalent in communities with low socioeconomic status. The topic of high status is related to affluent areas. The topic of immigrant has a close relationship with communities where residents have low educational attainments. Results imply that ethnic composition, financial status and education can also affect the online reputations of communities.

*Keywords* Neighborhoods reputation, Text analysis, Topic modeling, LDA, Flashback
